Add new ResultIterable<T> methods for single row results (#1511)
jdbi/jdbi: docs/src/adoc/index.adoc

include::{exampledir}/StatementsTest.java[tags=query]
----

To get a single row from a query, there are a few possible methods to use,
depending on the number of rows that might be in the result set.

> Call `one()` when the result contains exactly one row. Throws an exception if

Reviewer: Caller doesn't know the result cardinality, but they can have their expectations about that:

```suggestion
Call `one()` when you expect the result to contain exactly one row. Throws an exception if
```

(same below in other cases)

Author: Good idea. I incorporated this rewording as well as some clarifications about return types in the latest commit.
